this weekend we spread out board on a
otherwise absolutely beautiful circuit
beautifully landscaped it's quad
in the quad country program today
what is the quad country
an endurance race that takes place in
in a space said natural seiler
with so- called natural obstacles
which we will add obstacles
artificial like it's a race
of traditional endurance the terrain and
any high school all prepared a track done
consistently 5 meters wide
there we have natural difficulties with
narrower passages of the climbs
very pleasant very accentuated
dizzying descents and that's it
the difficulty is all the wealth of
this sport makes the qualities
particular it's a good agility to
endurance because it's a race
which will last three hours and then
then and adapt perfectly
What land because indeed
as I said a moment ago
a lot of difficulties throughout
of the race thierry kid to revive
a national trophy one is a candidate for
to make a championship of France
that is, we have six or six
seven events this year already
was brought an application to the
federation to become championship of
France from next year
how many drivers registered this weekend
but there are 70 quad drivers is a very
nice tray with renowned drivers
national and then we have a little more
70 motorcycles and also even with
international pilots this time so
we are going to have a very very pretty two
race
Additional
ah ah
you
no
and
Oh
for
no